README.md, before:

# AUXL
A-Frame UX Library Engine
built specifically for use with [A-Frame](https://github.com/aframevr/)

[View Example](https://minty-crisp.github.io/AUXL/)

# v0.1 Summary :
- Datas, Cores & Layers for in-scene object entities with Details Prompt & Scene Tracking
- Menu Generator w/ Scene Tracking
- Carousel Image Viewer w/ Scene Tracking
- Map Nodes & Zones for Dynamic Scene Swapping with Locks & Keys
- Scene Swap with Start, Delay, Interval, Interaction, Event & Exit checks with Conditionals/Flag Support for Cores, Layers and Special Objects
- NPC Avatar Book Progressive Text Tree Viewer with Conditionals/Flag Support & Scene Tracking
- 3D Companion (Hamburger Menu) Control Settings
- VR/2D Mode Player w/ Scene Transitions Animations
- Misc : Color Theory Swatch Generator
- Components : Dev Debug (swap-controls & detect-input), attach and support interaction event components

# AUXL v0.1 is still an in progress build!
Further testing, minor fixes and updates still required for a solid base version including basic documentation and a few scenario examples as well.

# v0.2+ Roadmap :
- v0.1 System Improvements
- Controls Abstraction Layer
- 3D Object Inspection
- More Object/Image Galleries
- AR Background & GPS Support
- Horizon, Foley & Weather Spawns
- Venue|Stage|Forum
- Question, Polls & Feedback
- Inventory & Item System
- Quest System
- Magic System
- Spell Casting
- Mob Generator

# Minty Crisp ^-^ :watermelon: 

- If you want to see more work of mine playing with A-Frame, check out my site [mintycrisp.com](https://mintycrisp.com).
- You can also check me out on a few other places like [dev.to](https://dev.to/mintycrisp) or where I spend most of my free time [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/Minty-Crisp/).
- I am available for Web XR work if you are interested in hiring me or collaborating on future projects.
- You can reach me via socials or email : minty-crisp @ proton . me
- If you really enjoy my work and want to support me making more of these types of projects, you can help me out with a [kofi](https://ko-fi.com/mintycrisp) or just by sharing the game.

Commit message:

MInor system updates
MInor system updates

README.md, after:

# AUXL
A-Frame UX Library Engine
built specifically for use with [A-Frame](https://github.com/aframevr/)

[View Example](https://minty-crisp.github.io/AUXL/)

# v0.1 Summary :
- Datas, Cores & Layers for in-scene object entities with Details Prompt & Scene Tracking
- Menu Generator w/ Scene Tracking
- Carousel Image Viewer w/ Scene Tracking
- Map Nodes & Zones for Dynamic Scene Swapping with Locks & Keys
- Scene Swap with Start, Delay, Interval, Interaction, Event & Exit checks with Conditionals/Flag Support for Cores, Layers and Special Objects
- NPC Avatar Book Progressive Text Tree Viewer with Conditionals/Flag Support & Scene Tracking
- 3D Companion (Hamburger Menu) Control Settings
- VR/2D Mode Player w/ Scene Transitions Animations
- HTML System Menu to Start Experience, Adjust Controls|Audio & View Instructions
- Misc : Color Theory Swatch Generator
- Components : detect-input(dev debug), attach and support interaction event components

# AUXL v0.1 is still an in progress build!
Further testing, minor fixes and visual polish are still needed for a solid base version including basic documentation and a few scenario examples as well.

# v0.2+ Roadmap :
- v0.1 System Improvements
- Seperation of System & Data
- Controls Abstraction Layer
- 3D Object Inspection
- More Object/Image Galleries
- AR Background & GPS Support
- Horizon, Foley & Weather Spawns
- Venue|Stage|Forum
- Question, Polls & Feedback
- Inventory & Item System
- Quest System
- Magic System
- Spell Casting
- Mob Generator

# Minty Crisp ^-^ :watermelon: 

- If you want to see more work of mine playing with A-Frame, check out my site [mintycrisp.com](https://mintycrisp.com).
- You can also check me out on a few other places like [dev.to](https://dev.to/mintycrisp) or where I spend most of my free time [reddit](https://www.reddit.com/user/Minty-Crisp/).
- I am available for Web XR work if you are interested in hiring me or collaborating on future projects.
- You can reach me via socials or email : minty-crisp @ proton . me
- If you really enjoy my work and want to support me making more of these types of projects, you can help me out with a [kofi](https://ko-fi.com/mintycrisp) or just by sharing the game.
